Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
It's out that the hot-tempered boy's house is here.
You again?
What enemies in a narrow road!
What's up? Do you wanna go with me?
No! I have my own foot, I can walk by myself.
Thanks!
Well. I see I and you have some predestinations.
Then, living near together, studying in the same school.
I wanna offer you jointly going. That's all.
Please keep down your mercy pretending, bro!
Anyway, my club won't surrender your team.
I have my kindness to invite you to go with.
But you don't want, it's up to you.
What a clumsy guy! You forget your phone!
Thanks, sister!
I will see
How can those weak guys like you
win in the forthcoming basketball match?
You can keep waiting and see
What a unlucky guy!
Episode 3: Enemies in the narrow road
Long!!
Let's stand up and amswer me that
What is the mutation gene?
Yes, teacher...
I give you 10s
10s start... 10 9 8... 1 time's up!
Zero point, sit down!
What is the weird class like this? huh?
Your friend get 0 point but you keep smiling?
Huh? Happy? It's too happy, right?
Do you believe that I give all of you the zero point?
I haven't seen
such a hard-headed class like this before.
Please give me the chance to be hard-headed, too.
Concentrate on the board!
Because of you, doggy. You know but you don't remind me.
Reminding what?
You are dreaming about your love
How can I annoy you?
Dreaming your eyes!
Know but do not remind, I will remembe!
What? You keep it in minds?
I...
You! You always keep caring about your love only.
And our club, you let me take on it alone.
Do you know?
When did I leave our club?
Besides, don't worry about those young boys.
Those young boys? We can win in a few minutes, a few minutes.
Keep "win in a few minutes", son!
Contempting the enemy is doing harm yourselves.
Hey... ah!
About the music club's leader
The Guy... Named Lam, right?
Yes, that's right!
He's near my house.
It seems like he has a really big determination.
You should be happy, or else we play with the guys who don't have any strong-willed
Too boring.
Damn you!
Lâm! Đăng!!
What are you two keeping talking about? huh?
I have written for a long time, my hand has got tired now.
And what are you always keeping talking?
Have you done? Have you finished your topic?
If not, you can go out
Stay there until you will have done, then back to class.
Stand up!
Go out and do horse stance for me.
Quickly!
Because of you, dog!
Still kidding, still kidding, right?
Still hitting other bum?
Other guys, focus on looking the board.
Smile, what are you smiling about? What an always smiling class!
Is it funny that makes you smile?
Because of you, the dog.
It"s you!
You talk the bullshit things and make the teacher let us out here.
If you didn't overdream about the love
If you answered the question, the teacher wouldn't force us to go out here.
What?
You can't love then you feel jealous?
I can't love is wrong
But now I'm caring about...
Crazy!
Hey guys, It's only 2 classes, what makes you be like that?
Did you go anywhere last night?
Rubbish!
Try to stand horsely like us, you will know immediately.
But your teacher is truly difficult!
She is a nightmare!
Ok, sit down.
His little mother is calling, guys!
Oppa Dang, right?
There is a spider film at the cinema, too amazing!
I really wanna see it.
Oh... I...
you what?
Ow... Ok ok ok, I will go with you, I will go with you.
Ok oppa, so we will meet on Thursday evening, please!
What are you smiling?
I give up!
How can we do now?
I don't know
When we are in the same house, close our eyelids on the same bed.
Sometimes dream of the same thing.
It seems... you are hiding me a thing?
You seem too confusing?
Oh... Nothing!
We are talking about when we practice the basketball.
It's wrong, we are talking about...
Stop being bullshit, Quan!
The thing that we eat and then practice is too important?
Ah... I thought other thing.
Ok, back to your location and practice.
Van, let's sing the song "Mot Nha" (One house)
Yes, "one house" please.
When we are in the same house, close our eyelids on the same bed.
Sometimes dream of the same thing, wake up at the same time.
Very nice, guys!
You still  can keep your performance like that
Phong brother, do you buy us snacks?
I forgot it.
Here, money here! Hold it and go buy the snacks!
Thank you!
Who wants to eat snacks, follow me!
Lam
Yes
I wanna talk with you
Have I done somethings wrong?
Sit down, please.
I have been told about the basketball match
How do you intend?
Huh? How can you know?
Quan told me.
Whole of our school have known it already.
This guy Quan, there is no funny things that he tells everywhere.
Absolutely, they all will know, for sure.
Answer my main question!
Yes
Well we can only do it
What is "can only do it"?
You see me as an ivisible man?
Talk it, maybe I can help.
That's not my mean
I am just afraid of annoying you.
I have asked for your help for many times.
In addition,...
If we wanna buld a team, we need a more person.
About me, I haven't play it (basketball) for a long time.
I am worrying.
What is annoying?
I will be in those empty locations.
About practicing, tonight...
In the schoolyard, we will jointly practice.
Yes.
So I need to annoy you again.
No problem, we are brothers.
Yes.
Let's take a rest!
You are so strong!
Please let me relax for 10 minutes!
But do you wanna drink anything? I will go to buy
Yeah, Mirinda please.
But It's not because I'm strong, just because you are old.
Opps
Damn you, what do you want?
You're very good!
But you're still very young, boy!
Young your head!
Don't think that you're old than me a year old then you can do everything.
Huh? What did I do?
Basketball is used for throwing into the basket.
Who tell you to sit there, because of you!
Stop being smooth-tongued like that
Don't think that you're old than me a year old then you can do everything.
It seems... You really like violence right?
But I'm not.
Or we can compet together
Alright, don't think that I'm scared you
In 5 minutes
Who can win higher point
is the winner, ok?
Ok!
If you can, come here and pick up the ball
Here, hey, what are you doing? give it here!